---
layout: post
title: Orientation and the Electronic Fiasco
---
I was late to my first class because I woke up late, because I stayed up late finishing last week’s homework.

In class with Nursultan, I told him about my weekend and then briefly gave a status update on the Marshall situation. I spent a long duration of class explaining how Russian isn’t super useful career wise in the U.S. He wants to go to America, just to look, not to stay, and even that is hard to get a visa with. I now want to buy new sheets because there is no sheet with elastic, so a lot of times you end up on your mattress directly. Gross. Funny, because later today I talked to Camryn and she lamented the same problem. I asked Nursultan where to buy sheets. He doesn’t know. His mom buys them.

Goolgaky and I had one of my favorites ADD lessons today, and we talked about religion and I invited her to the memorial later this year. I decided I should give her a Bible Teach book in Kyrgyz, because Christianity interests her. It’s really hard, because I want to preach to her, but I don’t want it to be weird, because she’s my teacher. I had written her a letter last week, and it really helped her. This weekend she had watched that Jesus movie and it made her think a lot about religion. She had a dream that God hugged her and told her not to worry, and that everything would be okay, but she needed to think about her kids first.

A discussion ensued about what the point of Jesus was, which I explained. This led to a discussion about praying, and I explained why we pray through Jesus. We then talked about Muslim prayers, some of which she has memorized. I asked if they helped, and she said, it appears to me, no.

Gookgaky also ranted for a while about how great of a language Kyrgyz is, which is what made me realize she needs to get her “spiritual food” in Krygyz.

She also told me about this that a professor said: Russian is the language of the soul. French is the language of love. Italian is a song. Kyrgyz is a language of motion. English is a language of business. What about Chinese? That is a language for smart people.

Last but not least, Goolgaky does know a place to buy sheets, and she will show it to me later.

Up next was my lesson with Pakiza. I told her about my weekend. I asked her what she did. On Saturday, she cleaned the house with her mom. On Sunday, they had guests over. Like Goolgkay, she had also watched a movie.  It was a Korean movie. I might watch it. It was about rock climbing. I think Pakiza is my favorite teacher, because I can tell she is a good person. As in, she seems more moral than anyone I’ve ever interacted with on a daily basis since I’ve been here.

I asked her where to get sheets. Like Nursultan, she does not know. Her mom also bought all the sheets.

We have a lot of open-ended questions in this class, so I tend to rant a lot. Sometimes I even forget what about.

I ate almost exclusively at the cafeteria today. That’s not important.

I decided to be efficient during lunch, so I went and bought most of what I need from VEFA. 

I then ate at the cafeteria for 10 min. before going to class. Miranda asked what I did for lunch. I said I ate here, but I ran errands all lunch. I caved in and bought a 500 som pan from Frunze. I also asked every teacher where to buy one, but then I liked the one at Frunze, so I bought it. #noregrets

I also asked Kanykei where to buy sheets. My favorite answer: We buy our sheets from Turkey when we go. They sell synthetic sheets at the bazaar, so you don’t want to buy those.

Okay. For this matter, I am going to Walmart and bringing some sheets back with me.

Post school: I took a marshrutka to where my massage place is to get “cranial work” done. It didn’t help my neck, but I got a free facial out of it, which I needed because I have one zit and I am pitching a fit about it. Will you believe that the only stuff I could find to treat it costs 700 soms?!

I went into a random mall, and I didn’t like it. It was one of those cheaper malls. But there was a Coffeemania and I got something because it reminded me of my AUCA days. I got cinnamon and that’s when you remember that cinnamon and chicken sound too much alike, so you’re better pointing at what you want and then just replying da.

I went to Eldik coffee and had their seabuckthorn tea. It was not as good as Traveler’s, but it was half the price!!! 

I enjoyed my massage. I went into a beauty supply store. It was expensive. I saw an 800 som hair dryer in the mall earlier. That’s more like it. But of course I didn’t buy it.

I took the marshrutka home, which was annoying, as usual. This marshrutka was weird and the driver had to open the door. You couldn’t open it yourself. I got yelled out for trying to get out too soon. 

I went back inside of VEFA and bought detergent, because I had forgotten to get that/didn’t know where it was, but Miranda explained it to me and I found it. That took forever and the woman kept wanting a PIN number, but credit cards don’t have PIN numbers!

So I had to pay cash, which I was salty about.

Today I realized I am scared to talk to people I don’t know/in public in general. Because of my accent. And people ask me if I understand Russian? Which is insulting. Ugh.

I opened up a Frunze card, which cost $1, but it’s a Rewards Program.

I went home and made curry chicken with spices I bought from earlier. Then Marshall came home and flipped out on me and said that I can go move into the student house, and that he’s not moving and he doesn’t get why I complained about him to other people. This caught me off guard and I wanted to cry, so I went to talk to Camryn about it, which made me feel better. Today I decided that she is my favorite person, because she is kind and helpful. She helped me talk through it. I ate my chicken there and then went back and talked to Marshall and tried to explain what really happened, which was that I expressed that I was uncomfortable, and wanted to see what my options were. If I was the one uncomfortable, I should be the one moving. So he asked me what I wanted to do. I don’t think it makes a ton of sense for me to move out, but I wouldn’t like him to be quieter at night when he has guests, or just go in his room. Don’t be loud in the kitchen. And I want to respect him in that same way, and not be up late, etc. Point in case, idk what to do as of now.

Last but not least, it is always the days where I want to go to bed early, that I end up going to bed the latest, like today. 
