---
layout: post
title: The Awkward Chicken Star Outing
---

We went to Ata Beik and these little girls approached us, because we spoke English. I was the only one who would speak to them aside from Miranda. They were even more excited when they found out we spoke Russian. It was cute and I wished I had more post cards to hand out, like I had at the meeting last night, but I didn’t.

We got back from our excursion an hour early, which upset me, because I had turned down going on a Bible study at 13:00, which was when we were supposed to return, just because I was nervous I wouldn’t make it. 

I went running instead, and went inside of the train station, which was quite evidently a Soviet building. This guard got really close to me while I was reading some informational brochures, so I skirted out of there.

I proceeded by run down Erkindik Park, my new route. When I got home, I worked out a little more and then I showered and ate potatoes and onions, that were not as tasty as the ones my host babooshka had made me.

Marshall left the house, thank God, and I sat in the kitchen most of the day and looked at flights to Armenia, which I am not close to buying. And I decided I’m not telling Boren, because I don’t feel like it.

We all went to Chicken Star as a group. I really don’t like hanging out with the other students. Miranda and Sam had talked to this girl from England who works for the UN and works in Afghanistan, and she has been for two months, and it’s very traumatic there. So we talked about that on the taxi ride and Zak said something about building a moat around Afghanistan, because it needs to start over. A weird discussion ensued and Miranda goes, this is stupid.

I decided that I am pretending to be friends with them until the trip and then I am going to not try anymore. I will fully fledged do my own thing, which I already do anyway.

Anyway, Chicken Star is expensive AF, which I didn’t realize because Fatima paid for it last time. And I realized, I do owe a lot to Fatima, because she always bought me stuff. Chicken Star cost around $15, which is a lot here. I didn’t enjoy the conversation at all, and I was the only one who didn’t drink. But the food was good, so overall, I enjoyed it, and I will definitely go back, just not with them. 

Sam said to Camryn, I’m so glad we’re roommates and this made me feel pretty uncomfortable. Honestly, I wish Sam was roommates with Marshall, because she seems to be pretty obsessed with him.

Ever since I’ve been living in the dorms, I am actually late for everything, because I always think I have more time than I do. I was late on Saturday morning for our trip by some minutes, and I am late to class by about 2 or 3 min. every day. Ugh. I need to start waking up earlier. 

I went home and did some more homework, a.k.a. picked up where I left off, but Miranda was having acid reflux so me and Chris went to the pharmacy with her to try and help. I gave her some tea, and Sam came and talked to her and then I went to bed after I finished a homework essay.

I also talked to my family really late, right after I complained to Sam that I hadn’t talked to my sister in two weeks. She was in there watching a movie with Marshall. Then my dad had called. He had been running a race that morning and I video chatted with Hazel for a long time and I was so happy that I knew I would get to see her in less than a week. Hazel said she was mad at me that I moved away from Masha. I was sad about that, too. But I told her that Masha had given her a little present, and I would bring it for her. Then Hazel started making an art work for me for when I get home. 

Then I went to sleep really late, but I was very happy. 
